Our next item is privacy.
This is super important.
We are now in a time
where there's a lot of privacy related issues that users are dealing with.
So they're getting increasingly aware and increasingly conscious about it.
There's legislation already in place and more emerging to protect user privacy.
As a Dapp developer, it's going to be your responsibility to ensure
that you don't unwittingly make sensitive information available in the public.
So always be aware especially when you're working with public blockchains,
that there is no such thing as privacy on the public blockchain.
So you might perhaps think that you have
a private variable and you could store information in that.
Well, as we have discussed in the prior lesson,
that private variable is still on the blockchain and
visible in public to whoever has the wherewithal to look at it.
So when you have a scenario where there is
private user information that needs to be
in your smart contract to interact with your smart contract,
it's very important that you think carefully and answer the question,
does this need to be here?
If it truly does need to be there it is probably a good idea to make sure that you
never actually store the information directly in your smart contract.
You should either hash it and use that if it's possible to do
that or you should indirectly secure the information,
perhaps encrypt it and use IPFS with IPFS hash in storage.
That way there are two levels of interaction,
there is the hash that someone has to locate with
the IPFS file and then once they have the file,
they have to decrypt the file.
So be very aware,
be hyper-aware in fact of
user privacy when it comes to public blockchain scenarios because it is very
easy to get private information placed forever in public since it's immutable.
All right. With that out of the way,
let's take another quiz.
How can you raise a user's awareness about their context within a Dapp.